Isn't it just beheading?
I didn't say no
This is what you said.
Don't say what you used to smash the knife
With this knife in my hand, I'll cut the door myself
I think so.
OK
Satisfy your son well
Dad will avenge you now
Ah!
monster
Hahaha, do you still think I dare not?
No blood. Nothing
You hit too hard
My neck
It's almost crooked
You come back
Are you okay? Do you look like something is wrong with me?
If this head falls off, it can be put back on.
What kind of unpredictable means is this?
Hahaha, I already said it.
Mr. Nai Ta Lou
Really immortal?
There's no cheating whatsoever.
But now I can't believe it in my life
This means is very capable.
Now who dares to disobey the deity